on March 17th one of my friends texted
me he is a oral surgeon in the Bronx he
was pretty sure he had coded ninety game
because they didn't have enough masses
for him his co residents were
transporting affected patients and they
didn't have any personal protective gear
people are trying to help each other in
times of need and so that's exactly what
we did
a month ago our organization no
supported us and buying PPE saying hey
you know we might be at a shortage
nationwide please you know take some
money and you know they gave some funds
to go buy APB's so we started to go to
Home Depot conquer going to the shops
buying stuff for work and I'm there it
was hard to me get TVs to get masks
ordering them with take three or four
weeks times they were fake websites or
stuff things that you know they were in
ships
[Music]
so I sleep on average four hours a night
over the past three weeks and I work
about a hundred and twenty hours a week
my background has nothing to do with
supply chain or medical supplies I am a
tech entrepreneur my co-founders and I
and then our volunteer team
many of them have full-time jobs and
then after work we stay up at night
calling China in China produces 95 I see
something like 90 to 95 percent of the
world's PPE when luhan was going through
its crisis Americans and New Yorkers
came together and sent max two hot
and so now in Reverse you know we are
trying to get massive from China here
to be able to deliver these things and
also to get a little bit of fresh air
masks inside we have a bag here for the
hospital medicine team see our funds
having them be released yet our
co-founders chipped in personally with
that money we've been able to distribute
10,000 masks and 95 and k and 95 the
shoes that to over 20 hospitals in the
New York City area each has a social
media platform Chris told my local
soccer group it was a lot of you know
Chinese Americans first generation
second generation and then with an Arab
people coming my house you know six feet
away knocking on door putting mass that
they had or that they were gonna send to
China to their relatives in 85 surgical
med supplies um I got goggles no Perel
gloves and you got brownies you know and
uh you know they she just kept coming
and there were so much and all of this
was eventually sino spread to my
organization as well as other local
hospitals
I gave everything they said the brownies
are bad as I kept the grass at a for
myself
[Music]
you go to work and your guru dodging you
know the covet and then there will be
your walkins trigger dodging you know
racist remarks about the Colbert I try
to focus on the good parts you know I
have never been more proud to be our
doctor and to be a chinese-american and
hope that a response as trans Americans
is to show love and to continue this
various communities serve the people
around us is an ethic testament of what
we are as from a cultural background
what we need now is people are dying
more and more every day so we need to
stop bickering and stop pointing fingers
and start working together and saying
how do we solve these problems in a
constructive way that's what motivates
me feeling that I have some agency and
all of this motivates made feeling that
in my own little way I can try to help
protect the people I love and more
importantly I can protect the city I
love
[Music]
hey NBC News viewers thanks for checking
out our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down here and
click on any of the videos over here to
watch the latest interviews show
highlights and digital exclusives thanks
for watching